# Lights on nobody home

I don't really feel like I'm speaking to someone unless I'm reading something they wrote.

When you speak to someone, you're not inside anymore. That is to say, you're not at home in your mind but rather experiencing your consciousness out in the world. When you read, you are at home. You can hear these words in your mind, the only place you're not alone. You read my words with your internal voice, you become self-aware of it the longer it goes, and suddenly you feel more sober.

We have such a habit, when living life and interacting with others through our ears and mouths, not to really be home anymore. Our minds are off, our feelings and emotions are on, but we can't speak to ourselves and others at the same time. What makes it worse is that you need some time to commute back home. So even if you are alone after a long day, it takes some time to get back through the door and process it all. There is probably something about introverts vs extroverts here, but if I were to make a bet, I think that's all a bunch of baloney.

This whole thing that some people get energized by social interactions and some alone, that's just not true. I've always struggled with that question. People always ask about this, and a lot of them assume I'm extroverted. The thing is, I really hate people that make assumptions about me. It probably has something to do with the struggles I have making assumptions about myself. So when asked, and especially when my answer is already assumed, I claim I'm an introvert! An exhausted introvert who hates people because they make assumptions. A sociable introvert that is good with people, but an introvert nonetheless whose only refuge is the peace of my solitude and the pleasure of my sole company.

Then, when I'm alone and wondering this question to myself, especially when I'm feeling lonely, I think to myself it would actually be quite nice to have some company right now. I would be so energized being around people right now! The happiness of others seeing you, the joy of seeing them. Maybe I am an extrovert, and the reason for my low energy, sadness, and frustrations is that I'm not socializing. I should go ahead! Let me go meet up with someone I haven't seen in a while, and give my inner world the company it so craves. I've spent too much time with myself. I should venture out to my fellow man. We are the same after all!

I'll go ahead and text someone, not too energetically though because people don't like that. Maybe a nice walk, a lunch, or a really casual chill on the couch. "What's new?" they ask. I pause. My mind has had a million thoughts, twists, and decisions since I've last seen them. "Not much, work has been good! What about you?"

AH! There it is! Sweet company. The energizing feeling of socializing. I am truly an extrovert. Now I am not alone. But, why does my mind feel like it's in another room? Somewhere in the house but just not on the couch. Surely I can't be the only person that has these two sides? The side of me that is talking to that person, having small talk. The part of me that is a founder of a startup, that is my parents' child. The part of me that cooks, and plays, and lives in the world. Then there is the part of me that no one can ever really see unless I somehow learn to open the door.

I guess that's why I don't really feel like I'm speaking to someone unless I'm reading something they wrote. Then I'd be speaking to their mind! Or, if they're reading something I wrote, then they speak to my mind! Although, that small talk could have been done on WhatsApp.
